Update doc storage (#185)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/storage.md

xe sr-scan uuid=a6732eb5-9129-27a7-5e4a-8784ac45df27
```

> If your host is in a pool of several hosts, you need to get the host uuid first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your host is in a pool of several hosts, you need to add the `host-uuid` parameter to the `xe sr-create` command above. You can retrieve the host UUID with `xe host-list`.
```

xe sr-scan uuid=a6732eb5-9129-27a7-5e4a-8784ac45df27
```

> If your host are in a pool, you need to get the host uuid first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your host is in a pool of several hosts, you need to get the host uuid first:
```

xe sr-scan uuid=a6732eb5-9129-27a7-5e4a-8784ac45df27
```
If your host is in a pool of several hosts, you need to get the host uuid first:
:::warning
The ISO SR will be only available on the host where you have created the directory.
:::

> ```
> xe host-list
> #Get the uuid of the one your are connected to
> xe sr-create name-label="ISO Repository" type=iso device-config:location=/opt/var/iso_repository device-config:legacy_mode=true content-type=iso host-uuid=uuid-previously-retrieved
> 953fcd3b-a4d5-1092-c4eb-1782cee0ff0b
> xe sr-scan uuid=953fcd3b-a4d5-1092-c4eb-1782cee0ff0b
> ```

Reviewer: I suggest to keep it short and not repeat the entire commands.
```suggestion
```
